Please update the videoUrl values in the seedDefaultCourses.ts file for each course module using the mappings below. Keep the rest of the module data (like title, duration, objectives, etc.) unchanged. Only replace the videoUrl field with the new URL provided for each title.

⸻

1. ISO 9001:2015 Fundamentals
	1.	Introduction to ISO 9001:2015
https://www.youtube.com/embed/Nhlv_3-dQSk
	2.	Quality Management Principles
https://www.youtube.com/embed/adaOKKkamT8
	3.	Process Approach & PDCA
https://www.youtube.com/embed/otnEiom_BJM
	4.	Risk-Based Thinking
https://www.youtube.com/embed/lJqqM-bdDMI
	5.	Documentation Requirements
https://www.youtube.com/embed/qSVqDNOkOTo

⸻

2. Statistical Process Control (SPC)
	1.	Fundamentals of Statistics in Quality Control
https://www.youtube.com/embed/e5g2NmIUdck
	2.	Variable Control Charts
https://www.youtube.com/embed/Kw_ZMiMNi04
	3.	Attribute Control Charts
https://www.youtube.com/embed/B5uIVEY3LRQ
	4.	Process Capability Analysis
https://www.youtube.com/embed/Sljmwulmrdw
	5.	Implementing SPC in Your Organization
https://info.minitab.com/en/real-time-statistical-process-control-training-video-ty

⸻

3. Process Capability (Cp & Cpk)
	1.	Introduction to Process Capability
https://www.youtube.com/embed/r6xa7ZpfGn8
	2.	Process Variation and Distribution
https://www.youtube.com/embed/TfVcP_drj50
	3.	Cp & Cpk: Calculation and Interpretation
https://www.youtube.com/embed/B5uIVEY3LRQ
	4.	Improving Process Capability
https://www.youtube.com/embed/Sljmwulmrdw
	5.	Case Studies and Applications
https://www.youtube.com/embed/B5uIVEY3LRQ

⸻

4. Quality Control Fundamentals
	1.	Introduction to Quality Control
https://www.youtube.com/embed/3g2F3cW9NCE
	2.	Quality Management Systems
https://www.youtube.com/embed/4g1i0mWbG7A
	3.	Statistical Tools for Quality Control
https://www.youtube.com/embed/5h2z4m4k6bQ
	4.	Process Improvement Techniques
https://www.youtube.com/embed/6i7z5n7l8cR
	5.	Quality Auditing and Compliance
https://www.youtube.com/embed/7j8z6o9m0dS

⸻

5. Advanced Statistical Methods for Engineers
	1.	Design of Experiments (DOE)
https://www.youtube.com/embed/8k9z7p1q2eT
	2.	Multivariate Analysis
https://www.youtube.com/embed/9l0z8q3r4fU
	3.	Regression Analysis
https://www.youtube.com/embed/0m1z9r5s6gV
	4.	Time Series Analysis
https://www.youtube.com/embed/1n2z0t7u8hW
	5.	Reliability Engineering
https://www.youtube.com/embed/2o3z1v9w0iX

⸻

Important Notes:
	•	Match each title field to the correct video URL.
	•	Only update the videoUrl field.
	•	Ensure there are no duplicates or incorrect mappings.
	•	All other data structures must remain untouched.